# Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 20th, 2021

Thank you for chosing Rentool. **Rentool is currently under development and so is the Privacy Policy**. We will update the privacy policy once development is finished. And we will send notice of these updates.

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We have the right to modify this policy and will send notice of any changes.



## Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- **Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Rentool

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Rentool.

- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- **Country** refers to: Saudi Arabia

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Service** refers to the Application or the Website or both.

- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **Website** refers to Rentool, accessible from rentool.site

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

- **Tool** means any product posted on Rentool for rent.

- **Owner of a tool** is the user who offered/posted the tool.

- **Renter if a tool** is the user who wants to rent the tool and sent the owner a request.

- **Renting a tool** means renting another user's tool. Making you the renter of the tool.

- **Offering a tool** means renting your own tool for renters to send you requests to rent it. Making you the owner of the tool.

- **Rent price** is the price of renting a tool per day.

- **Insurance amount** is an insurance deposit sent to the owner if the tool was damaged.

## Data Deletion
If you want your data to be deleted contact us by email at support@rentool.site

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by email: terms@rentool.site
